Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help Skip to Menu ASUS Footer    USER
My ROG Elite Rewards
My Account
Check My Order
My Wishlist
Shopping FAQs
SHOP Products  Innovation  Downloads  COMMUNITY  What's HOT  Support  Shop PBA     ASUS home logo         Your Bag is empty.   Your Bag is empty.      - Support   The lowest price from 30 days before the promotion:
The lowest price from 30 days before the promotion:
Menu
Product Support for GA402RJ
Select Other Model
By registering your device, you can easily manage your product warranty, get technical support and keep track of your repair status.
REGISTER YOUR PRODUCT
Disclaimer ¹The Windows 11 upgrade will be delivered to qualifying devices late 2021 into 2022. Timing varies by device. Certain features require specific hardware (see aka.ms/windows11-spec).The actual HDMI version of the products should be checked in the product specifications page respectively.Due to surface-mounted components near the motherboard's M.2 slot, only single-sided SSDs are supported.The availability of the 6GHz Wi-Fi band may vary depending on the country and its specific regulations. This feature is only supported when used with the specific wireless card provided at shipment, and requires Windows 11 or later.Not all specification options in the filter are shown on the product card. Therefore, the selected options in the filter may not match the specifications on the product card of the filtered results.For pricing information, ASUS is only entitled to set a recommendation resale price. All resellers are free to set their own price as they wish.Price may not include extra fee, including tax、shipping、handling、recycling fee.         Get the latest deals and more
Enter email address
Sign up
Please enter a valid email address. About ROGHomeNEWSROOMAccessibility Help             facebook            instagram            tiktok            twitter            youtube            discord            twitch     United States/English   Privacy PolicyTerms of Use Notice
Cookie Settings
©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.